---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_edgenode Data Source - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for data source zedcloud_edgenode. Must specify id or name
---

# zedcloud_edgenode (Data Source)

Schema for data source zedcloud_edgenode. Must specify id or name



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) User defined name of the object. Must be unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

### Optional

- **adminstate_config** (String) Administrative state of device. Required field. Valid Values to configure: ADMIN_STATE_ACTIVE, ADMIN_STATE_INACTIVE
- **asset_id** (String) Device asset ID
- **client_ip** (String) Client IP
- **config_items** (Map of String) EVE Runtime Configuration Properties
- **description** (String) Detailed description of the Object
- **dev_location** (Block List) User specified geo location (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dev_location))
- **eve_image_version** (String) Verion of EVE-OS image to be used by the Edge Node
- **interface** (Block Set) System Interface Set (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- **model_id** (String) ID of device model object for the Edge Node
- **onboard_key** (String) Onboard Key for the device
- **project_id** (String) ID of the project to which the Object belongs
- **serialno** (String) Edge Node serial number
- **tags** (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3
- **title** (String) User defined title of the object. title can be changed any time.

### Read-Only

- **adminstate** (String) Current Administrative state of device. Apart from states specified in adminstate_config field, this can also be in ADMIN_STATE_REGISTERED (Device is Active and registered)
- **cluster_id** (String) ID of the Cluster to which the Edge Node belongs.
- **cpu** (Number) CPU (configured values)
- **id** (String) System defined unique Id of the Object
- **memory** (Number) Device memory in MBs
- **reset_counter** (Number) Reset Counter Value
- **reset_time** (String) Edge Node Last Reset Time
- **revision** (List of Object) System defined revision information of the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revision))
- **storage** (Number) Device storage in GBs
- **thread** (Number) Number of Threads
- **utype** (String) Device Model Archecture Type

<a id="nestedblock--dev_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dev_location`

Optional:

- **city** (String) City
- **country** (String) Country code consisting of 2 capital letters as per ISO 3166-1 alpha2 standard
- **freeloc** (String) Free formatted location string
- **hostname** (String) Host name
- **loc** (String) Ordered pair of (latitude, longitude) separated by comma (,). Latitude is the horizontal component used for geographic positioning. It is the angle between 0° (the equator) and ±90° (north or south) at the poles measured in decimal degrees. It is the first value in an ordered pair. A negative number denotes a location south of the equator. a positive number is north. Longitude is the vertical component used for  geographic positioning; it is the angle between 0° (the Prime Meridian) and ±180° (westward or eastward) measured in decimal degrees. It is the second number in an ordered pair. A negative number indicates a location west of Greenwich, England; a positive number east.
- **org** (String) The name of the recipient, firm, or company at this geographical location.
- **postal** (String) Postal code (ZIP code for USA) of the geographical location
- **region** (String) Region
- **underlay_ip** (String) Single IP address, either in IPv4 or in IPv6 format


<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Optional:

- **cost** (Number) Cost of using this interface. Default is 0. Maximum: 255
- **intf_usage** (String) Adapter Usage. Valid values are: ADAPTER_USAGE_UNSPECIFIED, ADAPTER_USAGE_MANAGEMENT, ADAPTER_USAGE_APP_DIRECT, ADAPTER_USAGE_APP_SHARED, ADAPTER_USAGE_DISABLED
- **intfname** (String) Name of interface in the manifest to which this network or adapter maps to
- **ipaddr** (String) IP address. Required if network is configured for static address
- **macaddr** (String) Mac address to be used for the interface. Could be over-written in some cases
- **netname** (String) Name of network object attached to the interface
- **tags** (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3


<a id="nestedatt--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- **created_at** (String)
- **created_by** (String)
- **curr** (String)
- **prev** (String)
- **updated_at** (String)
- **updated_by** (String)


