---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_image Data Source - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for data source zedcloud_image. Must specify id or name
---

# zedcloud_image (Data Source)

Schema for data source zedcloud_image. Must specify id or name



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) User defined name of the object. Must be unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

### Optional

- **datastore_id** (String) Datastore Id where image binary is located
- **description** (String) Detailed description of the Object
- **image_arch** (String) Image Architecture. Valid Values: AMD64, ARM64
- **image_error** (String) Image upload/uplink detailed error/status message
- **image_format** (String) Image binary format. Valid Values: FmtUnknown, RAW, QCOW, QCOW2, VHD, VMDK, OVA, VHDX, CONTAINER
- **image_rel_url** (String) Image relative path w.r.t. Datastore
- **image_sha_256** (String) Image checksum in SHA256 format
- **image_size_bytes** (String) Image size in KBytes.
- **image_type** (String) IMAGE_TYPE_EVE, IMAGE_TYPE_APPLICATION, IMAGE_TYPE_EVEPRIVATE
- **revision** (Block List, Max: 1) System defined revision information of the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--revision))
- **title** (String) User defined title of the object. title can be changed any time.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) System defined unique Id of the Object
- **image_local** (String) Internal image location.
- **image_status** (String) Image status
- **image_version** (String) System defined Version of the Object
- **origin_type** (String) Origin type of image, Valid Values: ORIGIN_UNSPECIFIED, ORIGIN_IMPORTED, ORIGIN_LOCAL, ORIGIN_GLOBAL

<a id="nestedblock--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Optional:

- **created_at** (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the object was created
- **created_by** (String) User who Created the object
- **curr** (String) Current version of the object
- **prev** (String) Prev version of the object
- **updated_at** (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the object was last updated
- **updated_by** (String) User who last updated the object


