---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_kubernetes_secret Data Source - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_kubernetes_secret (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) Metadata for the secret to be created. This field is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))

### Optional

- `data` (Block List, Max: 1) Secret data including credentials or keys. This field is required for creation but not returned by the API for security reasons. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Kubernetes secret. This field is required and must be a valid Kubernetes secret name.
- `type` (String) Type of the secret (SECRET_TYPE_SSH, SECRET_TYPE_BASIC_AUTH, SECRET_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, SECRET_TYPE_NONE). This field is required and must be a valid Kubernetes secret type.

Optional:

- `creation_timestamp` (String) Timestamp when the secret was created
- `project_id` (String) Project identifier that owns this secret

Read-Only:

- `state` (List of Object) Current state of the secret including error status and transition information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--metadata--state))

<a id="nestedatt--metadata--state"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata.state`

Read-Only:

- `error` (Boolean)
- `message` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `transitioning` (Boolean)



<a id="nestedblock--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Optional:

- `encoded_password` (String) Base64 encoded password for basic authentication, Required if Secret type is SECRET_TYPE_BASIC_AUTH
- `encoded_username` (String) Base64 encoded username for basic authentication, Required if Secret type is SECRET_TYPE_BASIC_AUTH
- `ssh_private_key` (String) Base64 encoded SSH private key for SSH authentication, Required if Secret type is SECRET_TYPE_SSH
- `ssh_public_key` (String) Base64 encoded SSH public key for SSH authentication, Required if Secret type is SECRET_TYPE_SSH
