---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_network_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Schema for data source zedcloudnetworkinstance. Must specify id or name
---

# zedcloud_network_instance (Data Source)

Schema for data source zedcloud_network_instance. Must specify id or name



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) User defined name of the object. Must be unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

### Optional

- **description** (String) Detailed description of the Object
- **device_default** (Boolean) Flag to indicate if this is the default network instance for the device
- **device_id** (String) ID of the device on which network instance is created
- **dns_list** (Block List) List of Static DNS entries (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_list))
- **ip** (Block List) Dhcp Server Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip))
- **kind** (String) Kind of Network Instance. Valid Values: NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_UNSPECIFIED, NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_TRANSPARENT, NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_SWITCH, NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_LOCAL NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_CLOUD, NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_MESH, NETWORK_INSTANCE_KIND_HONEYPOT
- **network_policy_id** (String) ID of the network policy to be attached to this network instance
- **opaque** (Block List, Max: 1) Service specific Config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--opaque))
- **port** (String) Name of port mapping in the model
- **port_tags** (Map of String) Port Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3.  Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3.
- **tags** (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3
- **title** (String) User defined title of the object. title can be changed any time.
- **type** (String) Network Instance DHCP type. Valid Values: NETWORK_INSTANCE_DHCP_TYPE_V4, NETWORK_INSTANCE_DHCP_TYPE_V6, NETWORK_INSTANCE_DHCP_TYPE_CRYPTOEID, NETWORK_INSTANCE_DHCP_TYPE_CRYPTOV4, NETWORK_INSTANCE_DHCP_TYPE_CRYPTOV6

### Read-Only

- **cluster_id** (String) ID of the Cluster in which the network instance is configured
- **id** (String) System defined unique Id of the Object
- **project_id** (String) ID of the project to which the Object belongs
- **revision** (List of Object) System defined revision information of the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revision))

<a id="nestedblock--dns_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_list`

Optional:

- **addrs** (List of String) Addresses
- **hostname** (String) Host name


<a id="nestedblock--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip`

Optional:

- **dhcp_range** (Block List, Max: 1) Range of IP addresses to be used for DHCP (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip--dhcp_range))
- **dns** (List of String) List of IP Addresses of DNS servers
- **domain** (String) Network domain
- **gateway** (String) IP Address of Network Gateway
- **mask** (String) Subnet Mask
- **ntp** (String) IP Address of NTP Server
- **subnet** (String) Subnet address

<a id="nestedblock--ip--dhcp_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip.dhcp_range`

Optional:

- **end** (String) End of IP Address range
- **start** (String) Start of IP Address range



<a id="nestedblock--opaque"></a>
### Nested Schema for `opaque`

Optional:

- **oconfig** (String) Base64 encoded string of opaque config
- **type** (String) Type of Opaque config. Valid Values: OPAQUE_CONFIG_TYPE_VPN


<a id="nestedatt--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- **created_at** (String)
- **created_by** (String)
- **curr** (String)
- **prev** (String)
- **updated_at** (String)
- **updated_by** (String)


