---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_application_instance Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_application_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) User defined name of the edge app, unique across the enterprise. Once app name is created, name can’t be changed
- `name` (String) User defined name of the app instance, unique across the enterprise. Once app instance is created, name can’t be changed
- `title` (String) User defined title of the app instance. Title can be changed at any time

### Optional

- `activate` (Boolean) app instance activation flag
- `app_policy_id` (String) app policy id
- `app_type` (String) type of bundle
- `cluster_id` (String) System defined universally unique clusterInstance ID, unique across the enterprise.
- `collect_stats_ip_addr` (String) holds the static Ip of the app instance
- `crypto_key` (String, Sensitive) Crypto Key for decrypting user secret information
- `custom_config` (Block List) Application initialization script template in cloud-config format and user specified values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the app instance
- `device_id` (String) User defined name of the device name, unique across the enterprise. Once device name is defined, name can’t be changed
- `drives` (Block List) drive details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--drives))
- `edge_node_cluster` (Block List) edge node cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--edge_node_cluster))
- `encrypted_secrets` (Map of String, Sensitive) user encrypted secrets map
- `interfaces` (Block List) application interfaces (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces))
- `is_secret_updated` (Boolean) This field tells whether user secrets has updated or not, especially the cusotom config
- `logs` (Block List) App Instance logs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logs))
- `manifest_info` (Block List) app manifest Info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest_info))
- `project_id` (String) project name which the given app instance belong to
- `purge` (Block List) Purge counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--purge))
- `refresh` (Block List) Refresh counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--refresh))
- `remote_console` (Boolean) Remote console flag
- `restart` (Block List) Restart counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--restart))
- `start_delay_in_seconds` (Number) start delay is the time in seconds EVE should wait after boot before starting the application instance
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3.
- `user_data` (String) Deprecated: Application initiazation script in cloud-config format to be used by cloud-init
- `vminfo` (Block List) virtual machine info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vminfo))

### Read-Only

- `bundleversion` (String) version of bundle app is referring to
- `deployment_type` (String) type of deployment for the app, eg: azure, k3s, standalone
- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the app instance
- `revision` (Block List) app instance object revision details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--revision))
- `user_defined_version` (String) Instance version tells which edge app does this instance is running

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config`

Optional:

- `add` (Boolean) Add the Custom Config to App Instance (Optional. Default: False)
- `allow_storage_resize` (Boolean) Allow Appinstance storage to be resized after app instance is created. (Optional. Default: False)
- `field_delimiter` (String) Field delimiter used in specifying variables in template. (Required)
- `name` (String) Name of CustomConfig (Required)
- `override` (Boolean) Override existing custom config from App Bundle Manifest (Optional. Default: False)
- `template` (String) base64 encrypted template string. (Optional)
- `variable_groups` (Block List) List of Variable groups. (Required) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_groups`

Optional:

- `condition` (Block List) Condition to apply the variable group. (Optional. Default: None) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--condition))
- `name` (String) Name of the Variable Group(Required)
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates if the variable group is required to be specified for the App Instance. (Optional. Default:False)
- `variables` (Block List) List of variables(Required) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--variables))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_groups.condition`

Optional:

- `name` (String)
- `operator` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--variables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_groups.variables`

Required:

- `format` (String) Format of the user variable. (Required)
- `label` (String) Label for the variable (Required)
- `name` (String) Name of the Variable (Required)
- `required` (Boolean) This variable MUST be specified when creating an App Instance. (Optional. Default: False)

Optional:

- `default` (String) Default value of the variable. (Optional. Default: <Default value based on type>)
- `encode` (String) Encoding of file content. Applicable if format is VARIABLE_FORMAT_FILE
- `max_length` (String) Max length of the value of the variable(Optional. Default: 1024)
- `options` (Block List) Key-Value pair of options. Applicable if format is VARIABLE_FORMAT_DROPDOWN (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--variables--options))
- `process_input` (String)
- `type` (String)
- `value` (String) User-specified value of the variable.(Required if required is true. Optional otherwise)

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_groups--variables--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_groups.variables.options`

Optional:

- `label` (String) Display label of the key in User-Agent
- `value` (String) Value of the key to be used





<a id="nestedblock--drives"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drives`

Required:

- `drvtype` (String) Type of Drive. Valid Values: UNSPECIFIED, CDROM, HDD, NET, HDD_EMPTY. HDD_EMPTY - is to allocate the empty disk of maxsizebytes specified
- `imagename` (String) Name of Image Object used for the drive.
- `maxsize` (String) Drive maximum size
- `preserve` (Boolean) Preserve the drive even when all app instances using it are deleted
- `readonly` (Boolean) Read only flag. If set, drive is mounted as readonly by app instance.
- `target` (String) type of target. Valid values: Disk, Kernel, Initrd, RamDisk

Optional:

- `cleartext` (Boolean) If set, don't encrypt the drive. Store in cleartext
- `ignorepurge` (Boolean) don't purge this drive as part of purge command for mutable volumes
- `imvolname` (String) immutable Volume for this drive. Only one of imvolname and mvolname must be specified.
- `mountpath` (String) Mount Path for the drive in the App Instance
- `mvolname` (String) mutable Volume for this drive. Only one of imvolname and mvolname must be specified.
- `volumelabel` (String) User defined volume to use for this drive


<a id="nestedblock--edge_node_cluster"></a>
### Nested Schema for `edge_node_cluster`

Required:

- `id` (String) Id of the edge node cluster

Optional:

- `designated_node_id` (String) Id of the designated node


<a id="nestedblock--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Required:

- `intfname` (String) intf Name
- `netinstname` (String) Network Instance name to be matched for interface assignment. Applicable only when "direct attach" flag is false
- `privateip` (Boolean) Private IP flag

Optional:

- `access_vlan_id` (Number) access port VLAN ID, vlan id of zero will be treated as trunk port and vlan id 1 is implicitly used by linux bridges
- `acls` (Block List) app Acls (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--acls))
- `default_net_instance` (Boolean) default instance flag
- `directattach` (Boolean) direct attach flag
- `eidregister` (Block List) EID register details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--eidregister))
- `intforder` (Number) intforder
- `io` (Block List) Physical Adapter to be matched for interface assignment. Applicable only when "direct attach" flag is true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--io))
- `ipaddr` (String) IP address
- `macaddr` (String) MAC address
- `netinsttag` (Map of String) Network Instance tag to be matched for interface assignment. Applicable only when "direct attach" flag is false
- `netname` (String) network name: will be deprecated in future, use netinstname

Read-Only:

- `netinstid` (String) Network Instance id to be matched for interface assignment.

<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--acls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.acls`

Optional:

- `actions` (Block List) app ACE actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--acls--actions))
- `matches` (Block List) app ACE match (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--acls--matches))
- `name` (String) User defined name of the app ACE, unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) app ACE id

<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--acls--actions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.acls.actions`

Optional:

- `drop` (Boolean) ACE drop flag
- `limit` (Boolean) ACE limit flag
- `limitburst` (Number) ACE limit burst
- `limitrate` (Number) ACE limit rate
- `limitunit` (String) ACE limit unit
- `mapparams` (Block List) Application map params (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--acls--actions--mapparams))
- `portmap` (Boolean) application port map flag

<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--acls--actions--mapparams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.acls.actions.mapparams`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Application port



<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--acls--matches"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.acls.matches`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type
- `value` (String) Value



<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--eidregister"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.eidregister`

Required:

- `display_name` (String) Display name
- `e_id` (String) EID
- `e_id_hash_len` (Number) EID hash length
- `lisp_instance` (Number) Lisp Instance
- `lisp_map_servers` (Block List, Min: 1) Lisp Map Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interfaces--eidregister--lisp_map_servers))
- `lisp_signature` (String) Lisp Signature
- `uuid` (String) UUID

Read-Only:

- `app_cert` (String) app certificate
- `app_private_key` (String) App private key
- `app_public_key` (String) App public key

<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--eidregister--lisp_map_servers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.eidregister.lisp_map_servers`

Required:

- `credential` (String, Sensitive) lisp credential
- `name_or_ip` (String) name/IP



<a id="nestedblock--interfaces--io"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.io`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Physical Adapter name
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3.
- `type` (String) IoType specifies the type of the Input output of the device



<a id="nestedblock--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs`

Required:

- `access` (Boolean) Flags to enable / disable sending of logs generated by app instance to zedcloud


<a id="nestedblock--manifest_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest_info`

Optional:

- `details` (Block List) Details for recommended transition action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest_info--details))
- `transition_action` (String) Recommended transition action

Read-Only:

- `bundle_version` (String) Current version of edge application being used
- `next_bundle_version` (String) Next version of edge application available
- `params` (Map of String) Common and Custom parameters for deciding on transition actions

<a id="nestedblock--manifest_info--details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest_info.details`

Optional:

- `cause` (String) Cause of the transition action
- `scope` (Block List) Scope of the action (e.g. project, cluster, instance) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest_info--details--scope))
- `severity` (String) Urgency of the recommended action (ERROR - must take action immediately, WARN - must take action but not immediately, NOTICE - may take action

<a id="nestedblock--manifest_info--details--scope"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest_info.details.scope`

Optional:

- `type` (String) Scope of the action (e.g. project in case certificate expired at project level)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) Unique id of the type (e.g. projectId in case of project type)




<a id="nestedblock--purge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `purge`

Optional:

- `counter` (Number) counter


<a id="nestedblock--refresh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refresh`

Optional:

- `counter` (Number) counter


<a id="nestedblock--restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restart`

Optional:

- `counter` (Number) counter


<a id="nestedblock--vminfo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vminfo`

Required:

- `cpus` (Number) CPUs
- `vnc` (Boolean) VNC

Optional:

- `enable_oem_win_license_key` (Boolean) Enable device which has VM to receive the Windows license embedded in the ACPI tables
- `mode` (String) Hardware Virtualization

Read-Only:

- `cpu_pinning_enabled` (Boolean) Enable CpuPinning
- `memory` (Number) Memory
- `vnc_display` (Number) VNC display


<a id="nestedblock--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was created.
- `created_by` (String) User data: Created By
- `curr` (String) Current Database version of the record
- `prev` (String) Previous
- `updated_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was last updated.
- `updated_by` (String) User data: Updated By
