---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_datastore Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_datastore (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ds_fqdn` (String) Datastore Fully Qualified Domain Name
- `ds_path` (String) Datastore relative path w.r.t. Datastore root
- `ds_type` (String) Datastore type
- `name` (String) User defined name of the datastore, unique across the enterprise. Once datastore is created, name can’t be changed.
- `title` (String) User defined title of the datastore. Title can be changed at any time.

### Optional

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive)
- `certificate_chain` (Block List) Certificate chain of the certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain))
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the datastore.
- `ds_status` (String) Datastore status
- `enterprise_id` (String)
- `need_clear_text` (Boolean) knob for sending creds in clear text
- `project_access_list` (List of String) project access list of the datastore
- `region` (String) Datastore region - valid for AWS S3 and Azure BlobStorage
- `secret` (Block List) Plain-text sensitive data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--secret))

### Read-Only

- `crypto_key` (String) Internal - Encryption Key context
- `ds_err` (String) Datastore validation detailed error/status message
- `encrypted_secrets` (Map of String, Sensitive) Internal - Encrypted sensitive data
- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the datastore.
- `origin_type` (String) Origin type of datastore.
- `revision` (List of Object) system defined info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revision))

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain`

Optional:

- `certificates` (Block List) List of Certificate object holds the details of certificate like cert block, encryption type, validity, subject etc (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates))

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates`

Optional:

- `basic_contraints_valid` (Boolean) This fields tells the basic constraints like isCA are correct.
- `cert` (String) base64 string of the parent certificate
- `crypto_key` (String) Crypto Key for decrypting user secret information
- `ecdsa_encryption` (Block List) ECDSA encryption algorithm of the certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--ecdsa_encryption))
- `encrypted_secrets` (Map of String) user encrypted secrets map
- `exportable` (Boolean) Indicates if the private key can be exported.
- `extended_key_usage` (List of String) Sequence of extended key usages.
- `issuer` (Block List) Parameters for the issuer of the X509 component of a certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--issuer))
- `key_usage` (Number) Key usage extensions define the purpose of the public key contained in a certificate.
- `pass_phrase` (String) pass phase for the pvt key, this has to be filled if pvt key is encrypted with a pass phrase
- `public_key` (String) base63 string of the public key
- `public_key_algorithm` (String) Public key algorithm.
- `pvt_key` (String) base64 string of the parent pvt key
- `reuse_key` (Boolean) Indicates if the same key pair will be used on certificate renewal.
- `rsa_ecryption` (Block List) RSA encryption algorithm of the certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--rsa_ecryption))
- `san_values` (Block List) This holds the alternative name values like URIs, domain names IPs etc. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--san_values))
- `serial_number` (String) Unique identifier for each Certificate generated by an Certificate Issuer.
- `signature_algorithm` (String)
- `subject` (Block List) Parameters for the subject of the X509 component of a certificate. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--subject))
- `valid_from` (String) Certificate validatity start time
- `valid_till` (String) Certificate validatity start time

<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--ecdsa_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates.ecdsa_encryption`

Optional:

- `curve` (String) ECDSA curve to be used while signing the certificate.


<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--issuer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates.issuer`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String) Certificate common name.
- `country` (List of String) List of countries.
- `locality` (List of String) List of locallity.
- `organization` (List of String) List of organization.
- `organizational_unit` (List of String) List of Organizational Unit.
- `postal_code` (List of String) List of Postal codes.
- `province` (List of String) List of List of Prvince.
- `serial_number` (String) Subject cerial number


<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--rsa_ecryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates.rsa_ecryption`

Optional:

- `rsa_bits` (String) RSA Encryption Key bit size.


<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--san_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates.san_values`

Optional:

- `dns` (List of String) List of permitted DNS names.
- `emaild_ids` (List of String) List of permitted email addresses.
- `hosts` (List of String) List of permitted hosts.
- `ips` (List of String) List of permitted IP addresses.
- `upns` (List of String) List of permitted User principal names.
- `uris` (List of String) List of permitted URIs.


<a id="nestedblock--certificate_chain--certificates--subject"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_chain.certificates.subject`

Optional:

- `common_name` (String) Certificate common name.
- `country` (List of String) List of countries.
- `locality` (List of String) List of locallity.
- `organization` (List of String) List of organization.
- `organizational_unit` (List of String) List of Organizational Unit.
- `postal_code` (List of String) List of Postal codes.
- `province` (List of String) List of List of Prvince.
- `serial_number` (String) Subject cerial number




<a id="nestedblock--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `secret`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String) Datastore access API key in plain-text
- `api_passwd` (String) Datastore access API password in plain-text


<a id="nestedatt--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String)
- `created_by` (String)
- `curr` (String)
- `prev` (String)
- `updated_at` (String)
- `updated_by` (String)


