---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_edgenode_cluster Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_edgenode_cluster (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) User defined name of the cluster, unique across the enterprise. Once cluster is created, name can’t be changed
- `nodes` (Block Set, Min: 1) A list of nodes in the cluster (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--nodes))
- `project_id` (String) Foreign key to the project

### Optional

- `cluster_prefix` (String) A cluster prefix. The default is: 10.244.244.2/28
- `description` (String) Detailed description of the cluster
- `tags` (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3.
- `title` (String) User defined title of the cluster. Title can be changed at any time

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the cluster

<a id="nestedblock--nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes`

Required:

- `cluster_interface` (String) User defined name of the cluster interface, ex.: eth0, eth1, wlan0, etc.
- `id` (String) Id of the node to be included in a cluster

Optional:

- `node_type` (String) Type of node. Currently it supports only: EDGE_NODE_CLUSTER_NODE_TYPE_SERVER
- `resource_labels` (Map of String) Resource labels are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Label names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Label values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3.

Read-Only:

- `cluster_prefix` (String) A cluster prefix. The system will assign a value.
