---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_edgeapp Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_edgeapp (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) User defined name of the object. Must be unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

### Optional

- **cpus** (Number) Number of CPUs to be assigned to an App Instance of this app
- **description** (String) Detailed description of the Object
- **drives** (Number) Number of drives required for an App Instance of this App
- **manifest** (Block List) App Manifest definition. Only one of manifest or manifest_file must be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest))
- **manifest_file** (String) Location of Edge Application Manifest file (JSON format). Only one of manifest or manifest_file must be specified.
- **memory** (Number) Memory to be assigned to an App Instance of this App
- **networks** (Number) Number of Networks required by the App
- **storage** (Number) Amount of Storage required for App Instance of this App
- **title** (String) User defined title of the object. title can be changed any time.
- **user_defined_version** (String) User defined version of the edge-app

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) System defined unique Id of the Object
- **origin_type** (String) Origin of object
- **parent_detail** (List of Object) Details of Parent Object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent_detail))
- **revision** (List of Object) System defined revision information of the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--revision))

<a id="nestedblock--manifest"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest`

Optional:

- **apptype** (String) bundle type. Valid values are: APP_TYPE_VM, APP_TYPE_VM_RUNTIME, APP_TYPE_CONTAINER, APP_TYPE_MODULE
- **configuration** (Block List) Custom Config for the APP to be provided for each instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration))
- **container_detail** (Block List) Container specific details. Create options direct the  creation of the Docker container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--container_detail))
- **cpu_pinning_enabled** (Boolean) Enable CpuPinning
- **deployment_type** (String) type of deployment for the app. Valid Values: DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_STAND_ALONE, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_AZURE, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_AWS, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S_AZUREDEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S_AWS
- **desc_detail** (Block List) Meta data for the App for the Zededa App Marketplace like agreements, category etc (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--desc_detail))
- **description** (String) Description of the App
- **display_name** (String) Display name of the App
- **enablevnc** (Boolean) Enable VNC for the app
- **image** (Block List) Images used by the app (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--image))
- **interface** (Block List) I/O adapter settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface))
- **module** (Block List) Azure module specific details like module twin, environment variable, routes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--module))
- **name** (String) Unique name of app manifest, should match object name
- **owner** (Block List) Information about Author of the App (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--owner))
- **resource** (Block List) Hardware resource requirement (CPU, Memory, Storage) for the app (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--resource))
- **vmmode** (String) VM mode for VM-based app

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration`

Optional:

- **custom_config** (Block List) User data template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config))

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration.custom_config`

Optional:

- **add** (Boolean) Add Custom Config
- **allow_storage_resize** (Boolean) Allow storage resize
- **field_delimiter** (String) Field delimiter
- **name** (String) User Defined name of Custom Config
- **override** (Boolean) Override
- **template** (String) Template
- **variable_group** (Block List) Variable group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group))

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration.custom_config.variable_group`

Optional:

- **condition** (Block List, Max: 1) Condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--condition))
- **name** (String) Name of Variable group
- **required** (Boolean) Indicates if this is a required condition
- **variable** (Block List) List of variables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--variable))

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration.custom_config.variable_group.condition`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Name of variable group condition
- **operator** (String) Condition Operator
- **value** (String) Value


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration.custom_config.variable_group.variable`

Optional:

- **default** (String) Default value for the Variable Group Variable
- **encode** (String) Encoding Type. Valid Values: FILE_ENCODING_UNSPECIFIED, FILE_ENCODING_BASE64
- **format** (String) Format of the Variable. Valid Values: VARIABLE_FORMAT_UNSPECIFIED, VARIABLE_FORMAT_TEXT, VARIABLE_FORMAT_NUMBER, VARIABLE_FORMAT_FILE, VARIABLE_FORMAT_DROPDOWN, VARIABLE_FORMAT_BOOLEAN, VARIABLE_FORMAT_PASSWORD
- **label** (String) Label
- **max_length** (String) Max length of the variable
- **name** (String) Name of Variable Group Variable
- **option** (Block List) Variable Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--variable--option))
- **required** (Boolean) Flag indicates if this is a required variable
- **value** (String) Value of variable group variable.

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--configuration--custom_config--variable_group--variable--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.configuration.custom_config.variable_group.variable.value`

Optional:

- **label** (String) Label of option
- **value** (String) Value of option






<a id="nestedblock--manifest--container_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.container_detail`

Optional:

- **container_create_option** (String) Base64 encoded container specific details. Create options direct the creation of the Docker container


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--desc_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.desc_detail`

Optional:

- **agreement_list** (Map of String) Agreement List the the users of the App need to sign.
- **app_category** (String) Edge application category. The following are valid values: APP_CATEGORY_OPERATING_SYSTEM, APP_CATEGORY_INDUSTRIAL, APP_CATEGORY_EDGE_APPLICATION, APP_CATEGORY_NETWORKING, APP_CATEGORY_SECURITY, APP_CATEGORY_DATA_ANALYTICS, APP_CATEGORY_CLOUD_APPLICATION, APP_CATEGORY_DEVOPS, APP_CATEGORY_OTHERS,
- **category** (String) Type of the Edge application
- **license_list** (Map of String) List of Licenses
- **logo** (Map of String) Application Logo
- **os** (String) Edge application's Operating System
- **support** (String) Support information for the Application


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--image"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.image`

Optional:

- **cleartext** (Boolean) cleartext
- **drvtype** (String) Type of Module. Valid Values are: CDROM, HDD, NET
- **ignorepurge** (Boolean) Ignore Purge command for the App.
- **imagename** (String) Name of the image
- **maxsize** (Number) maxsize of the image
- **mountpath** (String) mountpath of the image inside the application instance
- **param** (Block List) params for the Application (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--image--param))
- **preserve** (Boolean) Preserve the application image during purge
- **readonly** (Boolean) The image is readonly
- **target** (String) enum: Disk, Kernel, Initrd, RamDisk
- **volumelabel** (String) volumelabel

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--image--param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.image.param`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Name of the entry
- **value** (String) Value of the entry



<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface`

Optional:

- **acl** (Block List) Traffic access control rules for this interface. Applicable only when directattach flag is false. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl))
- **directattach** (Boolean) If true, a physical adapter is assigned to the edge application directly. If false, a network instance is assigned to the edge application
- **name** (String) Interface name used by the edge application
- **optional** (Boolean) Indicates if the interface is optional for edge application.
- **privateip** (Boolean) If true, DHCP network can't be assigned and user needs to provide a static IP address.
- **type** (String) Physical Adapter type for this interface. Applicable only when directattach flag is true.

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface.acl`

Optional:

- **action** (Block List) Chain of actions to be taken on matching network traffic (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--action))
- **match** (Block List) Network traffic matching criteria consistngs of one or more of source IP address, destination IP address, protocol, source port and destination port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--match))
- **name** (String) Name of the Access Control List

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface.acl.name`

Optional:

- **drop** (Boolean) Drop action on ACL rule
- **limit** (Boolean) Limit action on ACL rule
- **limit_param** (Block List) Only valid if limit flag is set. Parameters for Limit action. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--name--limit_param))
- **mapparam** (Block List, Max: 1) only valid if PortMap is set to true. Device to app port mapping for incoming ACL rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--name--mapparam))
- **portmap** (Boolean) Enable device to app port mapping for incoming ACL rule, implicitly added by ZedUI code

<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--name--limit_param"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface.acl.name.limit_param`

Optional:

- **limitburst** (Number) Rate limit burst in ACL rule
- **limitrate** (Number) Rate limit in ACL rule
- **limitunit** (Number) Rate limit unit in ACL rule


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--name--mapparam"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface.acl.name.mapparam`

Optional:

- **port** (Number) Application port



<a id="nestedblock--manifest--interface--acl--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.interface.acl.name`

Optional:

- **type** (String) Type of Match. Allowed values are host, protocol, fport
- **value** (String) Value to match




<a id="nestedblock--manifest--module"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.module`

Optional:

- **environment** (Map of String) Environment
- **module_type** (String) Type of Module. Valid Values are: MODULE_TYPE_SYSTEM_DEFINED, MODULE_TYPE_CUSTOM
- **routes** (Map of String) Routes
- **twin_detail** (String) Base64 encoded module twin details, desired properties  of the module will be updated to reflect these values


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.owner`

Optional:

- **company** (String) Company of the developer
- **email** (String) Contact email of the developer company
- **user** (String) Name of the developer
- **website** (String) Website of the developer company


<a id="nestedblock--manifest--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `manifest.resource`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Name of the entry
- **value** (String) Value of the entry



<a id="nestedatt--parent_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_detail`

Read-Only:

- **id_of_parent** (String)
- **reference_exists** (Boolean)
- **update_available** (Boolean)
- **version_of_parent_object** (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- **created_at** (String)
- **created_by** (String)
- **curr** (String)
- **prev** (String)
- **updated_at** (String)
- **updated_by** (String)


