---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_edgeapp_instance Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_edgeapp_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) User defined name of the object. Must be unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed

### Optional

- **activate** (Boolean) Mandatory Parameter. Used to activate (set to true) / deactivate ( set to false ) an Edge Application Instance
- **app_id** (String) ID of the Edge APP to be used.
- **app_policy_id** (String) ID of the associated App Policy Object
- **app_type** (String) Type of Edge App - VM / Container etc. The following are valid values: APP_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, APP_TYPE_VM, APP_TYPE_VM_RUNTIME, APP_TYPE_CONTAINER, APP_TYPE_MODULE
- **cluster_id** (String) ID of the Cluster
- **collect_stats_ip_addr** (String) IP Address of the Stats Collector module.
- **crypto_key** (String) Crypto Key for decrypting user secret information
- **custom_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Application initialization script template in cloud-config format and user specified values (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config))
- **deployment_type** (String) Type of deployment for the app, eg: azure, k3s, standalone. The following are valid values: DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_STAND_ALONE, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_AZURE, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_AWS, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S_AZURE, DEPLOYMENT_TYPE_K3S_AWS
- **description** (String) Detailed description of the Object
- **device_id** (String) Edge Node id where the App Instance is deployed.
- **drive** (Block List) List of Drive configurations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--drive))
- **encrypted_secrets** (Map of String) Map of encrypted secrets
- **interface** (Block List) Interface Configuration for the App Instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface))
- **logs** (Block List, Max: 1) App Instance Logs related Configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logs))
- **project_id** (String) ID of the project to which the Object belongs
- **remote_console** (Boolean) Enable ( true ) / Disable (false ) Remote Console for the Edge App Instance
- **revision** (Block List, Max: 1) System defined revision information of the object (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--revision))
- **tags** (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3
- **title** (String) User defined title of the object. title can be changed any time.
- **vminfo** (Block List, Max: 1) Virtual machine info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--vminfo))

### Read-Only

- **bundleversion** (String) Version of Edge App the instance is referring to
- **id** (String) System defined unique Id of the Object
- **is_secret_updated** (Boolean) This field tells whether user secrets has updated or not, especially the custom config
- **purge** (List of Object) Purge counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--purge))
- **refresh** (List of Object) Refresh counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--refresh))
- **restart** (List of Object) Restart counter: ZedCloudOpsCmd (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--restart))
- **user_defined_version** (String) Edge app UserDefinedVersion this instance is running with

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config`

Optional:

- **add** (Boolean) Add Custom Config
- **allow_storage_resize** (Boolean) Allow storage resize
- **field_delimiter** (String) Field delimiter
- **name** (String) User Defined name of Custom Config
- **override** (Boolean) Override
- **template** (String) Template
- **variable_group** (Block List) Variable group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_group`

Optional:

- **condition** (Block List, Max: 1) Condition (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--condition))
- **name** (String) Name of Variable group
- **required** (Boolean) Indicates if this is a required condition
- **variable** (Block List) List of variables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--variable))

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--condition"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_group.condition`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Name of variable group condition
- **operator** (String) Condition Operator
- **value** (String) Value


<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--variable"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_group.variable`

Optional:

- **default** (String) Default value for the Variable Group Variable
- **encode** (String) Encoding Type. Valid Values: FILE_ENCODING_UNSPECIFIED, FILE_ENCODING_BASE64
- **format** (String) Format of the Variable. Valid Values: VARIABLE_FORMAT_UNSPECIFIED, VARIABLE_FORMAT_TEXT, VARIABLE_FORMAT_NUMBER, VARIABLE_FORMAT_FILE, VARIABLE_FORMAT_DROPDOWN, VARIABLE_FORMAT_BOOLEAN, VARIABLE_FORMAT_PASSWORD
- **label** (String) Label
- **max_length** (String) Max length of the variable
- **name** (String) Name of Variable Group Variable
- **option** (Block List) Variable Options (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--variable--option))
- **process_input** (String) Process input
- **required** (Boolean) Flag indicates if this is a required variable
- **type** (String) Type of variable group variable.
- **value** (String) Value of variable group variable.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_config--variable_group--variable--option"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_config.variable_group.variable.value`

Optional:

- **label** (String) Label of option
- **value** (String) Value of option





<a id="nestedblock--drive"></a>
### Nested Schema for `drive`

Optional:

- **cleartext** (Boolean) If set, don't encrypt the drive. Store in cleartext
- **drvtype** (String) Type of Drive. Valid Values: UNSPECIFIED, CDROM, HDD, NET, HDD_EMPTY. HDD_EMPTY is to allocate the empty disk of maxsizebytes specified
- **ignorepurge** (Boolean) Don't purge this drive as part of purge command for mutable volumes
- **imagename** (String) Name of Image Object used for the drive.
- **imvolname** (String) Immutable Volume for this drive. Only one of imvolname and mvolname must be specified.
- **maxsize** (Number) Drive maximum size
- **mountpath** (String) Mount Path for the drive in the App Instance
- **mvolname** (String) Mutable Volume for this drive. Only one of imvolname and mvolname must be specified.
- **preserve** (Boolean) Preserve the drive even when all app instances using it are deleted
- **readonly** (Boolean) ReadOnly Flag. If set, drive is mounted as readonly by app instance.
- **target** (String) Target drive
- **volumelabel** (String) User defined volume to use for this drive


<a id="nestedblock--interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface`

Optional:

- **access_vlan_id** (Number) Access port vlan id. app interface with access vlan id zero will be treated as trunk port. valid vlan id range: 2 - 4093
- **acl** (Block List) App Access Control Lists on the Interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface--acl))
- **default_net_instance** (Boolean) Use the project default Network Instance for this interface.
- **intfname** (String) Name of the Interface as specified in the Edge App
- **io** (Block List, Max: 1) Physical Adapter to be matched for interface assignment. Applicable only when "directattach" flag is true (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface--io))
- **ipaddr** (String) Static IP Address (/32) to be assigned to the Interface. Applicable only if network instance is configured as static DHCP
- **macaddr** (String) In case of p2v we might want to provide a mac-address. Applicable only in case of DHCP=passthrough
- **netinstname** (String) Network Instance name attached to the interface. Applicable only when "directattach" flag is false
- **netinsttag** (Map of String) Tags for Network Instance

Read-Only:

- **directattach** (Boolean) Comes from manifest during app create. If true, Assign the interface to the App Instance.

<a id="nestedblock--interface--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface.acl`

Optional:

- **action** (Block List) Access Control Entry (ACE) actions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface--acl--action))
- **id** (Number) ACE id
- **match** (Block List) ACE Match (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface--acl--match))
- **name** (String) User defined name of ACE

<a id="nestedblock--interface--acl--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface.acl.action`

Optional:

- **drop** (Boolean) ACE drop flag
- **limit** (Boolean) ACE limit flag
- **limitburst** (Number) ACE limit burst
- **limitrate** (Number) ACE limit rate
- **limitunit** (String) ACE limit unit
- **mapparams** (Block List, Max: 1) Application map params (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--interface--acl--action--mapparams))
- **portmap** (Boolean) Application port map flag

<a id="nestedblock--interface--acl--action--mapparams"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface.acl.action.portmap`

Optional:

- **port** (Number) Application port



<a id="nestedblock--interface--acl--match"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface.acl.match`

Optional:

- **type** (String) Type of Match
- **value** (String) Value of Match



<a id="nestedblock--interface--io"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interface.io`

Optional:

- **name** (String) Physical Adapter name
- **tags** (Map of String) Tags are name/value pairs that enable you to categorize resources. Tag names are case insensitive with max_length 512 and min_length 3. Tag values are case sensitive with max_length 256 and min_length 3
- **type** (String) IoType specifies the type of the Input output of the Edge Node / App Instance. Valid Values: IO_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED, IO_TYPE_ETH, IO_TYPE_USB, IO_TYPE_COM, IO_TYPE_AUDIO, IO_TYPE_WLAN, IO_TYPE_WWAN, IO_TYPE_HDMI, IO_TYPE_LTE, IO_TYPE_OTHER



<a id="nestedblock--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs`

Optional:

- **access** (Boolean) Flag to enable (true) / disable (false) sending of logs generated by app instance to ZEDCloud.


<a id="nestedblock--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Optional:

- **created_at** (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the object was created
- **created_by** (String) User who Created the object
- **curr** (String) Current version of the object
- **prev** (String) Prev version of the object
- **updated_at** (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the object was last updated
- **updated_by** (String) User who last updated the object


<a id="nestedblock--vminfo"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vminfo`

Optional:

- **cpus** (Number) Number of cpus assigned to app instance
- **memory** (Number) Memory assigned to app instance
- **mode** (String) Mode of VM. Applicable to App Instance of type VM. Valid Values: HV_PV, HV_HVM, HV_FML, HV_NOHYPER, HV_LEGACY
- **vnc** (Boolean) Enable VNC connections to the App Instance
- **vnc_display** (Number) VNC number to be assigned for the App Instance


<a id="nestedatt--purge"></a>
### Nested Schema for `purge`

Read-Only:

- **counter** (Number)
- **ops_time** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--refresh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `refresh`

Read-Only:

- **counter** (Number)
- **ops_time** (String)


<a id="nestedatt--restart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `restart`

Read-Only:

- **counter** (Number)
- **ops_time** (String)


