---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_kubernetes_deployment Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_kubernetes_deployment (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data` (Block List, Min: 1) Data for the deployment (required) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data))
- `metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) Metadata for the deployment (required) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metadata))
- `type` (String) Type of deployment (required). Currently only 'HELMCHART' is supported.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `helm_chart_data` (Block List, Min: 1) Helm chart data for the deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data))

<a id="nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.helm_chart_data`

Required:

- `chart` (Block List, Min: 1) Helm chart details for the deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--chart))
- `target_clusters` (Block List, Min: 1) Target clusters for the deployment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--target_clusters))

<a id="nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--chart"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.helm_chart_data.chart`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Helm chart. Example: 'nginx'
- `version` (String) Version of the Helm chart. Example: '15.4.0'

Optional:

- `custom_values` (String) Custom values for the Helm chart. Example: {'replicaCount': 3, 'service': {'type': 'LoadBalancer', 'port': 80}}
- `repo_identifier` (String) Repository identifier for the Helm chart. Example: 'bitnami'


<a id="nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--target_clusters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.helm_chart_data.target_clusters`

Required:

- `cluster_metadata` (Block List, Min: 1) Metadata for the target cluster when is_multi_cluster is false (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--target_clusters--cluster_metadata))
- `is_multi_cluster` (Boolean) Indicates if the deployment is for multiple clusters. Example: false

Optional:

- `cluster_tags` (Map of String) Tags for the clusters where the deployment will be applied. Example: {'environment': 'production', 'region': 'us-west-2'}. This field is reserved for future use and not currently implemented.

<a id="nestedblock--data--helm_chart_data--target_clusters--cluster_metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.helm_chart_data.target_clusters.cluster_metadata`

Required:

- `cluster_id` (String) ID of the target cluster. Example: 'cluster-abc123'
- `orchestrator_cluster_id` (String) Orchestrator cluster ID. Example: 'rancher-cluster-123'

Optional:

- `cluster_name` (String) Name of the target cluster. Example: 'production-k8s'
- `kube_version` (String) Kubernetes version of the target cluster. Example: 'v1.28.0'





<a id="nestedblock--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metadata`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the deployment. Example: 'nginx-deployment'
- `project_id` (String) Project ID associated with the deployment

Optional:

- `description` (String) Description of the deployment. Example: 'Production NGINX deployment with custom configuration'
- `title` (String) Human-readable title of the deployment. Example: 'NGINX Web Server'
