---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_model Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_model (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `attr` (Map of String) Map of <string, string> which defines attr
- `brand_id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the brand.
- `name` (String) user defined model name
- `origin_type` (String) origin of object
- `state` (String) SysModel State which denotes the status of the model
- `title` (String) User defined title of the model. Title can be changed at any time.
- `type` (String) Defines the Architecture type of the model

### Optional

- `description` (String) Detailed description of the model.
- `io_member_list` (Block List) List of IoMembers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--io_member_list))
- `is_imported` (Boolean) Flag to represent whether sysModel is imported
- `logo` (Map of String) Map of <string, string> which holds the key:url for the logo artifact of the model
- `p_c_r_templates` (Block List) PCR templates keyed by EVE version (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--p_c_r_templates))
- `parent_detail` (Block List) origin and parent related details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent_detail))
- `product_status` (String) Product status
- `product_url` (String) Product URL

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the model.
- `revision` (Block List) Object Revision  of the model (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--revision))

<a id="nestedblock--io_member_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `io_member_list`

Required:

- `assigngrp` (String) Assign Group
- `cost` (Number) cost of using this ioMember. Default is 0.
- `logicallabel` (String) Logical Label
- `phyaddrs` (Map of String) Map of Physical Addresses
- `phylabel` (String) Physical Label
- `ztype` (String) Z Type

Optional:

- `cbattr` (Map of String) attributes
- `parentassigngrp` (String) Parent group for a IoMember. Can be empty if there is no parent group.
- `usage` (String) Adopter Usage
- `usage_policy` (Map of Boolean)
- `vfs` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--io_member_list--vfs))

<a id="nestedblock--io_member_list--vfs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `io_member_list.vfs`

Optional:

- `count` (Number) The number of Virtual Functions for given Physical Function. Only applies for IO_TYPE_ETH_PF.



<a id="nestedblock--p_c_r_templates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `p_c_r_templates`

Required:

- `eve_version` (String) EVE version related to the PCR template
- `p_c_r_values` (Block List, Min: 1) List of PCR values for the PCR template (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--p_c_r_templates--p_c_r_values))

Optional:

- `firmware_version` (String) Firmware version related to the PCR template. If user doesn't set it, it will be set to '*'
- `name` (String) Name of the PCR template. The name is Unique among PCR templates for that System Model. If it is not specified, a system-generated name will be assigned.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the PCR template. If not set in POST / PUT API calls, this will be treated as a new entry and a unique System Generated ID assigned.

<a id="nestedblock--p_c_r_templates--p_c_r_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `p_c_r_templates.p_c_r_values`

Required:

- `index` (Number) Current index for the PCR item in the list. First element has the index 0
- `type` (String) Type of value for the PCR item. Could be one of the following values: 0 (PCR_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED), 1 (PCR_TYPE_HASH) or 2 (PCR_TYPE_EVENT_LOG)
- `value` (String) Actual value for the PCR item.



<a id="nestedblock--parent_detail"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent_detail`

Optional:

- `reference_exists` (Boolean) Relation with child and parent object exists or not
- `update_available` (Boolean) Update required flag

Read-Only:

- `id_of_parent_object` (String) system defined unique id of parent object
- `version_of_parent_object` (Number) version of object present in parent


<a id="nestedblock--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was created.
- `created_by` (String) User data: Created By
- `curr` (String) Current Database version of the record
- `prev` (String) Previous
- `updated_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was last updated.
- `updated_by` (String) User data: Updated By
