---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zedcloud_network Resource - terraform-provider-zedcloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zedcloud_network (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ip` (Block List, Min: 1) IP configuration for the network (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip))
- `kind` (String) Kind of network:
NETWORK_KIND_V4
NETWORK_KIND_V6
- `name` (String) User defined name of the network, unique across the enterprise. Once object is created, name can’t be changed
- `project_id` (String)
- `title` (String) User defined title of the network. Title can be changed at any time

### Optional

- `description` (String) Detailed description of the network
- `dns_list` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--dns_list))
- `enterprise_default` (Boolean)
- `proxy` (Block List) proxy block is used to configure network proxy settings. The following is a brief description of how to use the attributes in the block:
1) If the proxy server requires certificates, set network_proxy_certs to carry the certificates
2) To have the EdgeNode auto discover pacfile, set network_proxy to True
3) To configure EdgeNode to download the pacfile from a specific URL:
    a) set network_proxy = false
	b) set network_proxy_url to the URL of the pac file
4) To configure EdgeNode with the contents of the pacfile, set 'pacfile' to content of the pacfile.
5) To configure Proxy setting manually instead of using a pacfile, use the 'proxy' and 'exceptions' blocks (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy))
- `wireless` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--wireless))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) System defined universally unique Id of the network
- `revision` (Block List) system defined info (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--revision))

<a id="nestedblock--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip`

Optional:

- `deprecated_dhcp` (Boolean)
- `dhcp` (String) DHCP type:
NETWORK_DHCP_TYPE_STATIC
NETWORK_DHCP_TYPE_PASSTHROUGH
NETWORK_DHCP_TYPE_CLIENT
- `dhcp_range` (Block List) Range of IP addresses to be used for DHCP for IPAM management when dhcp is turned on. If none provided, system will default pool. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ip--dhcp_range))
- `dns` (List of String) List of IP Addresses of DNS servers
- `domain` (String) Network domain
- `gateway` (String) IP Address of Network Gateway
- `mask` (String) Subnet Mask
- `ntp` (String) IP Address of NTP Server
- `subnet` (String) Subnet address

<a id="nestedblock--ip--dhcp_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip.dhcp_range`

Optional:

- `end` (String) ending IP
- `start` (String) starting IP



<a id="nestedblock--dns_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_list`

Optional:

- `addrs` (List of String) Set of IP addresses for the specified hostname
- `hostname` (String) Host name


<a id="nestedblock--proxy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy`

Optional:

- `exceptions` (String) Proxy exceptions
- `network_proxy` (Boolean) Enable WPAD (Web Proxy Auto Discovery) protocol to discover and download PAC file.
- `network_proxy_certs` (List of String) Network Proxy Certificates
- `network_proxy_url` (String) URL for wpad.dat file to be downloaded. Used when network_proxy is set to False.
- `pacfile` (String) Proxy configuration in a pacfile. Used when network_proxy is set to False.
- `proxies` (Block List) Net Proxy: protocol level proxies. Used when network_proxy is set to False. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--proxy--proxies))

<a id="nestedblock--proxy--proxies"></a>
### Nested Schema for `proxy.proxies`

Optional:

- `port` (Number) Net Proxy Port
- `proto` (String) Net Proxy protocol:
NETWORK_PROXY_PROTO_HTTP
NETWORK_PROXY_PROTO_HTTPS
NETWORK_PROXY_PROTO_SOCKS
NETWORK_PROXY_PROTO_FTP
NETWORK_PROXY_PROTO_OTHER
- `server` (String) Net Proxy Server



<a id="nestedblock--wireless"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wireless`

Optional:

- `cellular` (Block List) Cellular configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--wireless--cellular))
- `type` (String) Type of Wireless Network:
NETWORK_WIRELESS_TYPE_WIFI
NETWORK_WIRELESS_TYPE_CELLULAR
- `wifi` (Block List) Can be multiple APs on a single wlan, e.g. one for 2.5Ghz, other 5Ghz SSIDs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--wireless--wifi))

<a id="nestedblock--wireless--cellular"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wireless.cellular`

Optional:

- `apn` (String)
- `location_tracking` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedblock--wireless--wifi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wireless.wifi`

Optional:

- `identity` (String, Sensitive) WPA2 enterprise user identity/username. Use value from Vault.	This field will not be published by terraform import
- `key_scheme` (String) Key management scheme:
NETWORK_WIFIKEY_SCHEME_WPAPSK
NETWORK_WIFIKEY_SCHEME_WPAEAPPSK
- `priority` (Number) Priority of connection, default is 0
- `wifi_ssid` (String, Sensitive)



<a id="nestedblock--revision"></a>
### Nested Schema for `revision`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was created.
- `created_by` (String) User data: Created By
- `curr` (String) Current Database version of the record
- `prev` (String) Previous
- `updated_at` (String) The time, in milliseconds since the epoch, when the record was last updated.
- `updated_by` (String) User data: Updated By


